# Echos

Occationally nanites go haywire when their host dies and fail to recognize their death. They bypass restrictions and attempt to apply their AI-subsystem to medical treament, repairing the body using themselves and non-essential parts of the body as material. If their operation is a success the resulting creature is referred to as an "echo" as, despite being repaired, it's brain remains non-functional. In the majority of cases, these echos simply stand and sway in the breeze until the nanites consume the remainder of the body as fuel and cleanup crews come to remove the remains.

In other cases, the nanites succeed in restoring the brain to partial operation and stimulate this peudo-conciousness in an attempt to rouse their "healed" host. These echo's are typically classed as "beserkers", as their mind is trapped in those moments just before death, filled with fear and the desire to live. These creatures will feed on anything they can get their hands on, metal, food and even other humans - unless they're the one of the less common type that runs away from potential threats. These berserkers are typically dealt with quickly and brutally, not only because they are a threat to people but because they cause a great deal of property damage.

Some echos have more advanced brain function than others and are capable of strategy and primitive communication. In a rare few cases, these echos were able to meet and form small groups to protect eachother whilst feeding, causing a lot of trouble for the cleanup crews - who typically apply attrition methods in these cases. This is not an issue with beserkers, as they are incapable of working with other echos, instead viewing others in their condition as threats or sources of material.

Two stories of these more advanced echos have captivated popular culture. The first being an echo that begged for its life corherently enough that a cleanup crew stood down and called them an PHS ambulance, who then confirmed that they were definitely dead. The second involved a couple where one of the spouses succumed to a terminal illness, becoming an echo not long after death. They manged to escape the hospital, put together a boquet and delivered it to their sleeping spouse, before crossing the street and drawing their last breathe alone on a park bench.

---

Provided that echos have enough material and working nanites, they are functionally immortal and unaging. Unless theiy body is completely destroyed, or the nanites disabled, it's impossible to be certain that they won't reconstitute themselves. The standard procedure involves a EMP weaponry and, just to be sure, fire. Particularly tricky echos have been dealt with through attrition, forcing them into a space with very limited amounts of material and just waiting them out.