# Cybernetics-Induced Hypohemia

Cybernetics-Induced Hypohemia (CIH) is an uncommon technology-related disease caused when a critical proportion of the body is replaced with cybernetic augmentations, triggering a permenent reduction in the blood production capabilities of the body. This disease is typically terminal without medical intervention in the form of regular blood transfusions. Without intervention the afflicted, over the period of a month, will grow pale and weak, wounds will fail to heal and eventually extermities will start to atrophy, with death following not long after - as the brain is unable to get enough oxygen.

Within the public healthcare system (PHS), donated blood was already in short supply before the first waves of inflicted started to show up, the result being a spike in deaths for an extended period and an increase in blackmarket organ/blood trade. In response to this pharma-giant Medicorp developed synthetic blood and began selling it into the PHS. This synthetic blood is capable of staving off the illness and is the primary treatment provided by the PHS, but causes other side-effects such as an restlessness, paranoia, insomnia and fatigue. Long term dependants of synthetic blood typically struggle to maintain regular working hours or to meet quotas, as such, often end up homeless.

In response to this Medicorp refined their original synthetic blood formula, primarily by incorperation of donor blood and a cocktail of drugs meant to promote alertness and reduce anxiety. The final product was branded PremiumBlood™ and only made availiable for additional purchase to holders of select private health plans. The donor blood is sourced from consenting individuals, particularly working-class, in exchange for a small cash payment. Other pharma companies have attempted to develop competing products, but have been effectively halted by fierce legal battles waged by Medicorp's lawyers.

Some, now discredited, researchers have raised alarms about PremiumBlood™ as it incorperates mildly addictive substances with little medical effectiveness. Medicorp and various private researchers have refuted these claim. But, despite this, radical communist elements have made threats toward Medicorp and researchers for, in their words, conspiring to construct a feedback loop designed to drive the afflicted and their decendants into poverty, in order to increase their production ability over successive generations.

Within popular culture, the afflicted are frequently called by names such as "Cybernetic Vampires", "CyVamps" or just "Vampires" due to the superhuman ability typically associated with both cybernetics and vampires, the pale skin caused by the disease, the night-time restlessness caused by synthetic blood treatments and, of course, their dependance on the blood of others. Typically these terms are not meant to derride the afflicted, despite it being rather insensitive. Within the community there are actually groups of afflicted who embrace the image of the vampires of old, dressing in black, going out at night and having their teeth modified with fangs - so-called "Night Walkers".

It's worth noting that with the availiablity of synthetic blood from the PHS, real blood transfusion availiability has returned to regular levels. Typically, only particularly rich individuals recieve pure human blood as a treatment, with the obscenely rich even partaking in regular direct human-to-human transfusions. However, it's not just the rich getting in on the human-to-human transfusions. A new backalley cybernetic modification was developed by gangs to both intimidate and fufill ill member's needs for blood. The modification effectively replaces the lower jaw with a prosthetic that can fold open to reveal two syringes attached to the top of the mouth - the intent being to enable them to "drink" blood from their victims. This also hasn't helped with optics and did stoke an "anti-vampirism" movement that seeks to eliminate (or otherwise harm) cybernetic vampires, typically collaberating with anti-enhancement terrorist cells or forming attack mobs.