Xenochimerics are atypically bioligically augmented individuals, making use of organs, mussle and tissue from other animals and incorperating it into themselves. The science is definitely there, but these operations are typically less safe and the end result less effective than traditional biological augments. The popularity of Xenomorphism is typically attributed to it being seen as a more "natural" or "spiritual" way to keep up with their augmented peers and workload, though in reality people are attracted to xenochimeric operations for a multiple of reasons.

Xenochimericism isn't an affliction in and of itself, but consistently introduces animal-like behavioural changes in the patient. Heavily xenochimericised individuals can be prone to psychotic breaks in stressful situations, causing them to assume an almost entirely animalistic, distinctly non-human, persona. Unfortunately, given that the most common graftings involve predators such as sharks, lions and gorillas, these episodes often result in bloodshed and property damage. 

Most juristictions require xenochimeras to wear a tranquilization collars/braclets/anklets that activate when a persona shift is detected, leading to outcries of discrimination. Xenochimeras also find some difficulty in finding work, insurance, loans and private medical care. Individuals who are visually xenochimeric are also heavily discriminated against by a large portion of the population, and fetishized by other portions of the population - particularly the younger generations.